user roles and hierarchy (#320)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/examples/phc-covid.md

* Support home-based care for non-emergent COVID-19 cases to reduce overburdening on hospital systems
* Capture program learnings to create more robust and resilient health systems beyond supporting the immediate COVID-19 reponse

## Users and Hierarchy Example

| User           | Location                               | Devices                             | Role                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| :------------- | :------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Program Staff  | Central, district orlocal offices      | Desktop, laptop and smartphones     | Oversee delivery of routine PHC services. Continually monitor care delivery for disruptions. Ensure compliance with program-specific, national and global care protocols.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Program Staff  | Central, district or local offices      | Desktop, laptop and smartphones     | Oversee delivery of routine PHC services. Continually monitor care delivery for disruptions. Ensure compliance with program-specific, national and global care protocols.  |
```

| CHW Supervisor | Community level, based at facilities   | Smartphone and personal phone       | Oversee CHWs and track completion of their remote training modules. Follow up with CHWs needing extra support. |
| CHW            | Community level                        | Feature phone or smartphone         | Provide care to community using adapted PHC workflows. Complete remote training for new workflows. Enable home-based care and offer remote support through call and text-first protocols.|

> | Patient        | Community level                        |                                     | Seek care for non-emergent conditions, ex. maternal and child health and other infectious diseases, non-communicable diseases.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Patient        | Community level                        |                                     | Seek care for non-emergent conditions. Examples: maternal and child health, other infectious diseases, non-communicable diseases.   |
```
